README.md, before:

Relocatable Shipwreck
=====================


About
-----

*Relocatable Shipwreck* is a convenience mod that allows players to relocate the shipwreck by mining it and placing it down in new location, moving the spawn position for all players in the force as well.


Features
--------


Known issues
------------

There are no known issues at this time.


Contributions
-------------

Bugs and feature requests can be reported through discussion threads or through project's issue tracker. For general questions, please use discussion threads.

Pull requests for implementing new features and fixing encountered issues are always welcome.


Credits
-------

Implementation has been inspired by the shelter from [Krastorio 2](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/Krastorio2) mod, with the idea of making it more vanilla-like, and adding some importance to the shipwreck itself.


License
-------

All code, documentation, and assets implemented as part of this mod are released under the terms of MIT license (see the accompanying `LICENSE` file), with the following exceptions:

-   [assets/spaceship.svg](https://game-icons.net/1x1/delapouite/spaceship.html), by Delapouite, under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/), used in creation of modpack thumbnail.
-   [assets/truck.svg](https://game-icons.net/1x1/delapouite/truck.html), by Delapouite, under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/), used in creation of modpack thumbnail.

Commit message:

Added ability to pick-up and place down the crashed spaceship:
- Set the spawn point for force that owns t he shipwreck upon
  placement to be next to it.

README.md, after:

Relocatable Shipwreck
=====================


About
-----

*Relocatable Shipwreck* is a convenience mod that allows players to relocate the shipwreck by mining it and placing it down in new location, moving the spawn position for all players in the force as well.


Features
--------

-   Pick up and place down the shipwreck at location of your own choosing.
-   Spawn position for player's force is set to placed shipwreck's position.


Known issues
------------

There are no known issues at this time.


Contributions
-------------

Bugs and feature requests can be reported through discussion threads or through project's issue tracker. For general questions, please use discussion threads.

Pull requests for implementing new features and fixing encountered issues are always welcome.


Credits
-------

Implementation has been inspired by the shelter from [Krastorio 2](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/Krastorio2) mod, with the idea of making it more vanilla-like, and adding some importance to the shipwreck itself.


License
-------

All code, documentation, and assets implemented as part of this mod are released under the terms of MIT license (see the accompanying `LICENSE` file), with the following exceptions:

-   [assets/spaceship.svg](https://game-icons.net/1x1/delapouite/spaceship.html), by Delapouite, under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/), used in creation of modpack thumbnail.
-   [assets/truck.svg](https://game-icons.net/1x1/delapouite/truck.html), by Delapouite, under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/), used in creation of modpack thumbnail.
